CSS Properties for Text can be separated into two groups:
1. Properties that directly affect the font and its appearance.
	- typeface, bold, italics, size, etc.
2. Properties that have the same effect on text regardless of font.
	- color, spacing, etc.


TYPEFACE TERMINOLOGY:

Serif - These fonts have added details on the ends of letters.
      - This style was used in print for many years because it considered easier to read.
Sans-serif - These fonts have straight ends on letters, so they look cleaner.
	   - If your webpage is being rendered with low resolution, the simpler look of these letters makes them clearer.
Monospace - These fonts give every letter the same width.
	  - This is often used in coding for ease of use.
Weight - Light, Medium, Bold, or Black.
       - Font weight can add emphasis and affect the amount of whitespace and contrast on the page.
Style - Normal, Italic, or Oblique.
      - Italics gives the font a cursive aspect to some letters. Oblique simply gives the letters an angle.
Stretch - Condensed, Regular, or Extended.
	- Describes the spacing between letters, they can be thinner and closer together or thicker and further apart.

Choosing a Typeface:
- Most computers have a number of typefaces installed on them to render on webpages.
- Some of the most poopular fonts:
	Serif: Georgia, Times, Times New Roman
	Sans-serif: Arial, Verdana, Helvetica
	Monospace: Courier, Courier New
	Cursive: Comic Sans MS, Monotype Corsiva
	Fantasy: Impact, Haettenschweiler (use for titles and headers only, not normal text)

You can specify more than one typeface and create an order of precedence in case the user does not have the first choice.
	- This is sometimes referred to as a FONT STACK.

Designers suggest having no more than 3 different typefaces on the same page.

E.g.
p {
  font-family: Georgia, Times, serif;}

Fonts are subject to copyright, so the techniques you can choose from are limited by their respective licenses.

FONT PROPERTIES:

font-family	: specify the typeface that should be used for any text inside this element.
font-size	: specify a size of the font. Can be expressed in pixels (16px), percentages (100%), or ems (1.0em).
		  16px is usually the default size, so 16px = 100% = 1.0em, 12px = 75% = 0.75em
font-weight	: creates bold text, value can be "normal" or "bold".
font-style	: allows you to change the slant of the text, value can be "normal", "italic", or "oblique".
text-transform	: change the case of text, value can be "uppercase", "lowercase", or "capitalize".
text-decoration	: allows you to add a flair to the text, value can be "none", "underline", "overline", "line-through", or "blink".
line-height	: sets the height of an entire line of text, includes the font-size and the LEADING (spacing) above the text
		: should be expressed in ems.
letter-spacing	: adjust the KERNING (spacing between letters), should be expressed in ems.
word-spacing	: adjust the spacing between letters, should be expressed in ems.
text-align	: control the alignment of the text, value can be "left", "right", "center", or "justify".
vertical-align	: used to control the height of text relative to other inline elements like images.
		: value can be "baseline", "sub", "super", "top", "text-top", "middle", "bottom", or "text-bottom".
text-indent	: allows you to indent the first line of text within an element, usually expressed in pixels.
		: can also take a negative value to push the text off the browser window.
text-shadow	: adds a drop shadow to the text, takes values for horizontal shadow, vertical shadow, blur, and color.
		: value is written like so:
			text-shadow: 1px 1px 3px #111111;

PSUEOD-ELEMENTS:

These are specified at the end of the selector to make the property more specific in its application.

first-letter	: used to specify a different value for the very first letter in an element.
		: written like so:
			p.intro:first-letter {
				...}
first-line	: same as first-letter but for a whole line.
link		: allows you to change how links appear.
visited		: allows you to distinguish links that have already been clicked from those that haven't.
hover		: allows the link to have a visual change when the user hovers over it with the cursor.
active		: allows the link to have a visual change when the user is clicking it.

@font-face allows you to use a font not installed on the user's computer by specifying a path to download the font.
E.g.

@font-face {
	font-family: 'ChunkFiveRegular';
	src: url('fonts/chunkfive.eot');}
h1, h2 {
	font-family: ChunkFiveRegular, Georgia, serif;}

To test this, you can find open-source fonts at:
www.fontsquirrel.com
www.fontex.org
www.openfontlibrary.org

You can also find licensed fonts that can be used for free at:
www.typekit.com
www.kernest.com
www.fontspring.com

